{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f138\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f283\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f284\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f285\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f287\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f288\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f289\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f290\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f291\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f292\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f284\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f285\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f287\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f288\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f289\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f290\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f291\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f292\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f654\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f655\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f657\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}
{\f658\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f659\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f660\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f661\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f662\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f1664\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f1665\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f1667\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f1668\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f1669\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f1670\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f1671\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}
{\f1672\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f1673\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \spriority0 \styrsid94340 il;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid94340 Hyperlink;}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp6\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}
{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp6\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp6\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp6\itap0
\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid94340\rsid4066127}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1
\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator John Beverley}{\creatim\yr2020\mo4\dy10\hr10\min7}{\revtim\yr2020\mo4\dy10\hr10\min8}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2739}{\nofchars15615}{\nofcharsws18318}{\vern57449}}
{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot94340 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f283\fs24\ul\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 Review: 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 ArgO: A}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u628\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  O}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u628\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u7451\'3f
\u7439\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u671\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u7439\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u610\'3f\u655\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u7439\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u640\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  A}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u640\'3f\u610\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u7452\'3f\u7437\'3f\u7431\'3f
\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u628\'3f\loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \u7451\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 s
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 J. Neil Otte, John Beverley, Francesco Franda, Jean-Baptiste Guillon, Brian Donohue, Alan Ruttenberg, and Yonatan Schreiber
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid94340 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 Dear J. Neil Otte
\par 
\par Many thanks for submitting your paper entitled "ArgO
: An Ontology for Arguments" to JLC. Please find attached the review reports from three reviewers. As you can see, all three reviewers found your proposal interesting and promising. But they also found th
at more analytical evaluation of your proposal, especially in comparison with existing systems like AIF are needed. Even though I can not recommend \~the acceptance of your submission at this time, I would like to encourage you to throughoutly \~
address the comments of the reviewers and resubmit your promising work.
\par 
\par Best Regards\line \line ========= referee 1 ===========\line This is a nicely written paper, and one in which the key motivation is one to which I wholeheartedly subscribe. There are though, I think, two key p
roblems which present serious challenges to the paper's potential acceptance to JLC.\line \line 
Section I is well argued, and largely correct. One might quibble with the claim that ontologies should be built upon only genus-species relationships, but the nine summary points on\~
 pp5-6 are essentially sound. One problem -- in the first adequacy constraint -- is that it is terribly underspecified. The spirit one can agree with, but its use in rejecting LKIF a little later is unfair: construing argument as 'a reason that
 is expressed through some medium', whilst not being my preferred definition either, is nonetheless not at all unusual nor unreasonable. The rejection given here is all based on intuition, and is not unpacked well (though I happen to agree with it). Then 
c
omes something with which I have much more of a problem: the summary rejection of AIF. The authors reject AIF with the claim that, 'it does not distinguish the representation of information from the representation of the world that the information is abou
t
 within the class structure of its ontology.' I struggle a little to pin down more exactly what the authors mean here. They seem to be talking either about a T-Box A-Box distinction, or about a sense-reference distinction, or possibly about a locution-con
t
ent distinction. AIF certainly makes a T-Box A-Box distinction, as described in (Rahwan et al., 2007), with F-nodes doing much of the heavy lifting. Following in the tradition of Quine, the AIF adopts the distinction between intensionality and extensional
i
ty found in most logics in analytical philosophy. The third possibility is more interesting. Though not published in AIF, the extensions in AIF+ allow propositions with reference to discourse to be treated in the same way as propositions that have referen
c
e to the rest of the world. This is claimed as a signal advantage of AIF, and certainly I can see ontological and expressive benefit in the approach. I certainly do not understand how it might be used to reject it as an ontology. I am thus left with no wa
y
 to understand the authors' rejection of AIF. Furthermore, AIF seems to do *more* than the approach presented here. Whilst AIF handles 'acts of inferring' (almost explicitly: they call them, 'applications of rules of inference', or RAs), it also deals wit
h relationships of conflict (so as to model undercutting and rebutting, which are crucial in models of argumentation such as Toulmin's and Pollock's) and of preference which are crucial in abstract argumentation semantics.\line \line 
And here is the rub. AIF seems to
 me to meet all of the authors' design constraints. It has been published in many papers over the past decade, including several in very well respected venues such as Artificial Intelligence, Journal of Web Semantics, Comms of the ACM, Knowledge Engineeri
n
g Review and so on. It has been adopted by many labs around the world, is implemented in many systems and is used to represents argumentation, both as discourse and as computational structure in many different projects with varied starting points and vari
e
d goals. I am sure it is not perfect, but to propose a replacement requires more effort than a single sentence that is vague and, on all the interpretations that I can come up with, simply wrong. I must confess it seems very much as though the authors bum
ped into AIF rather accidentally after having drafted the paper and decided to hurriedly insert a couple of sentences. \line \line 
(Though the AMO has much less traction, it is also unfair to dismiss it quite so easily: though an argument may be required to have the three components, they are not required to be lexicalised as I understand it).\line \line 
There is also a second problem. JLC is, in my opinion, a rather broad church -- which is a good thing. But it also has a focus on technical and substantial development of work.
 The paper here reads like a prolegomenon. Strong on motivation and comparison, but very light on anything else. There is, in section IV, a very lightweight exploration of a few issues, but there is none of the rigor that typifies material in JLC. No proo
f
, no formal discussion of properties -- and no way for the work to be refutable. So even if we were looking at a new solution to the problem of argument ontology, the presentation here is just not at the level of maturity that is required for publication 
i
n JLC. It further seems not be be connected in to the appropriate literature -- JLC and AIJ are both full of many papers exploring formal properties of models of argumentation. Indeed the topic has its own conference series, COMMA, where such issues are e
xplored. I would expect to see any work connected in to that literature.\line \line 
In conclusion, I cannot see what else to do than to take a strong line here: the work is presenting a solution to a problem that, as the authors frame it, has already been solved (mor
e than a decade ago). The extant solution has been specified formally, in detail, and is widely adopted and built upon in many different directions. The proposed alternative here offers nothing new, misses out much of the right literature, and fails to pr
esent itself in sufficient technical depth.\line \line 
So I am not sure even how to suggest revision. The best I can do is to suggest that the authors dig down in to AIF and work out which areas are weak or underspecified there and propose how those holes might be pl
ugged. I don't like being so negative but in this case I really do believe that a rethink is required.\line \line }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340  
HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370207000768" \\t "_blank" }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\ul\cf2\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370207000768}}}
\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 \line }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340  
HYPERLINK "https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2139711" \\t "_blank" }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\ul\cf2\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2139711}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 \line \line \line \line \line \line \line ========= referee 2 ===========
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 "This paper proposes a novel ontology for arguments that utilizes Basic Formal Ontology (BF
O) as an upper-level ontology. In so doing, the paper first lays down methodological requirements and adequacy constraints that a well-design ontology for arguments must adhere to. Justification is provided for each of these requirements. The paper then d
i
scusses how other available ontological approaches to arguments fail to adhere to at at least some of these requirements. The paper then introduces the proposed approach by providing a formal axiomatization in first-order logic, preceded by explanations f
or the different decisions made over distinguishing various concepts like statements, suppositions, complex arguments, etc. Finally, the paper proposes two possible extensions of the ontology.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 My main concern about this paper is that there are no formal p
roofs that show that the axiomatization is actually necessary or sufficient to satisfy the properties. And the properties themselves do not seem to be formalized.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 Aside from that, I find the proposed approach interesting, and I like the idea of laying do
wn rationalized requirements from the beginning. While the authors provided justification for the necessity of these requirements, they did not argue for their sufficiency. It would be useful to convince the reader that the mentioned requirements are suff
icient, and/or further requirements might exist but are less important/relevant.\~}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 I found the discussion of the current ontological approaches to arguments and how they fail to satisfy the requirements somewhat convincing, but not very comprehensive. I th
ink this paper could be easily improved by providing a table that lists the discussed current approaches (as rows) and states for each, what requirements (as columns) they adhere to. The last row would have ArgO
 with all requirements checked. This would provide a clear view of what weakness each approach has w.r.t. the requirements.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 Finally, the paper structure is a bit confusing. Section III has subsections that explains the different distinction of concepts, with the final subsection 
presenting the axiomatization, and then a subsection (d) in the middle that sums up previous subsections."}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par \line \line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340 ========= referee 3 ===========}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid94340\charrsid94340 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f283\fs24\ul\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 General observations:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 In this manuscript, the a\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
uthors observe that current ontologies of argument are deficient in various ways. They set out a list of nine desiderata for such ontologies, and then go on introducing the building foundational considerations of ArgO as an alternative ontology. They defi
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 n\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 e ArgO in relation to IAO/BFO and provide a reification in FOL. Finally, they conclude that ArgO does fulfil the desiderata and they suggest some extensions of the ArgO core ontology.

\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 Overall, the manuscript is well written, but in places it is neverthele\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
ss hard to follow without consulting the referenced literature or without other presupposed specific background knowledge. There are, however, severe problems with the content of the manuscript, which I suggest can only be remedied through a process of re
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 t\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 raction, rewriting and resubmission: in its current form the manuscript should be }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f283\fs24\ul\insrsid4066127 
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 rejected}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
 for publication. The primary reason for this being the presentation of ideas without due acknowledgement of their heritage or placement thereof in the existing liter\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
ature. In what follows, I will explain in more detail where in my view the current manuscript is found wanting. 
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 Before the manuscript would be ready for publication, several issues need to be remedied. One is the readability of the manuscript for the gen\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
eral audience of the Journal of Logic and Computation, that I already mentioned. Furthermore, the authors need to have a close look at the style requirements for the journal. For example, at present, some references are given fully in footnotes (e.g., n12
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 on p4, n24 on p8) while others are in the reference list at the end \hich\f283 \endash \~\loch\f283 \hich\f283 but the style of that reference list is also not consistent, using both 
\'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 &\'94\loch\f283 \hich\f283  and \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 and\'94\loch\f283 , having years between brackets or at the end of the line, with full stops or without, initials or f\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 u
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 ll first names, etc. There are some further minor mistakes in the references, such as \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 Fang\'94\loch\f283 \hich\f283  instead of \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 Feng\'94\loch\f283 
 and 1995 instead of 1996 for the book by Walton.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 More severely, I find that the content of the manuscript is currently insufficiently supported \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
in critical places. First of all, if the authors claim that none of the existing ontologies of argument are adequate, then I expect to be presented with an exhaustive account (within reason of course) of those existing alternatives and on which parts they
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
fail to match the desiderata set out by the authors. This does not mean that all have to be extensively discussed in the text, but an inclusion of a table with the considered alternatives and their performance with respect to the desiderata would be usefu
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 l\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
. Secondly, many of the observations of a more argumentation theoretical nature are not novel, while proper referencing to and discussion of the existing literature is lacking. For example, on pp3-4, the distinctions surrounding sentences and propositions
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 and contents, on p14, the discussion of \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 affirming\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283  and \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 accepting\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 
, and on p21, the definition of a \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 language act\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283  as \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 an intentional act involving language\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 
,  are very reminiscent of speech act theory (for example the work by Searle and Vanderveken (198\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 5\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 
)) and the preceding debates between, e.g., correspondence theories and functional theories of meaning (even going so far as using the well-known example \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\cf1\insrsid4066127 
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 Schnee ist wei\'df\'94\loch\f283  without due acknowledgment}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
). Also the discussions of characteristics of arguments an\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
d conflict under, respectively, d/e) on p19 and a) on p27, are not particularly novel, these merely reiterate in a slightly different guise, generally accepted understandings within argumentation theory (see, e.g., pragma-dialectics, inference anchoring t
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 h\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 eory, Pollock\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 
s account of defeaters). Overall, this surfaces a general and severe concern about the embedding of the current manuscript in the existing literature on argumentation theory, and a lack of acknowledgement of existing work.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 A further concern \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
is the applicability of the ontology to actual naturally occurring argumentative discourse. It strikes me that none of the examples provided are anywhere near what argumentative discourse looks like \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 in the wild\hich\f283 
\rquote \loch\f283 . Rather, these are constructed examples th\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 a\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 
t illustrate formal logical reasoning/deduction, instantiated with natural language text. Within the field of argumentation theory, the general consensus is that classical accounts of formal logic (e.g. FOL, or the \'93\loch\f283 
classical, multi-valued or intuitionist\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 i\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 c\'94\loch\f283 
 logics mentioned on p27) are not particularly suitable or adequate to deal with naturally occurring argumentative discourse. ArgO rather seems intimately connected to exactly those interpretations of argumentation. For that reason, I doubt whether the 
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 o\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
ntology would find much traction within argumentation theory (whether informal or computational). This gives rise to further doubt about the applicability of the proposed ontology to argumentation (with all its rhetorical diffusion, enthymematic challenge
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 s\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 , and defeasible underpinnings).
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
The acceptability of the constraints or desiderata that the authors posit at the end of Section 1, would be strengthened if it could be shown that their importance would be widely recognised within the research community. 
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
As it stands, while the authors allude to why these desiderata are of crucial importance, they only do so in the Introduction. Without properly relating the desiderata to research efforts in a broader context, they appear to be the authors\hich\f283 
\rquote \loch\f283  preferences ra\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 t\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
her than anything more, which is not the intention, I suspect. In this respect it surprises me that the Argument Interchange Format (AIF) is not more centrally featured as a comparable, alternative, ontology of argument. The AIF is actually a standard tha
\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 t\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283  is used by several research groups around the world, and its proposal was a community effort coming from scholars working in the computational study of argumentation. 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f283\fs24\ul\kerning1\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 Specific remarks:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 all text: please make use of layout or style, and numbering, to s\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
et examples apart from the rest of the text, and to make it easier to refer to each, also limiting the need to literally repeat text again on subsequent pages.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p3, third paragraph: arguments are parts of the world, independent of ideas or perspectives, bu\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
t is argument not inherently communicative and interactional, embedded in a communicative context, and therefore intentional? 
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p4, top: at this point it is no longer clear to me whether an argument is considered a constellation of propositions, or a constellation of speech acts.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p5, bottom: has desideratum Adequacy-3 been introduced in the text before it shows up here in the list\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 ?
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p6: the first three paragraphs of Section II are not entirely clear to me; the explanation could be improved and made more clear.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p7, example: last line, closing bracket in wrong place
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p7, last full paragraph: based on n21, I don\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 t see the unclarity d\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
escribed; are argument schemes not generally conceived of as abstractions of argumentative discourse, as porto-arguments, so to say, much like an uninstantiated modus ponens is not itself reasoning but rather a representation of a valid form of reasoning?

\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p8, middle of the page: the passage about Swift\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 s \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 Modest Proposal\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283  is not clear to me.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p8, n22: I suggest the authors look at the following reference w.r.t. AIF instead of the one they reference now: 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri19\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin19\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af138\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f138\fs24\insrsid4066127 \hich\af138\dbch\af31505\loch\f138 \hich\f138 Carlos Ches\'f1\loch\f138 evar, Jarred McGinnis, Sanjay Modgil, Iy
\hich\af138\dbch\af31505\loch\f138 
ad Rahwan, Chris Reed, Guillermo Simari, Matthew South, Gerard Vreeswijk, and Steven Willmott. 2006. Towards an argument interchange format. Knowl. Eng. Rev. 21, 4 (December 2006), 293-316. DOI=http://dx.doi.org/10.1017/S0269888906001044}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p12, top: text sa\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 ys \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs32\cf1\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
The class Arguments is thus a subclass of Collection of Sentence Contents}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283  , where Figure 1 says \'93\loch\f283 
\hich\f283 collection of statements\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 p12, bottom example: what happens to the discourse marker \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 hence\'94\loch\f283  in the ontological representation?
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p14, middle: why are thes\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 e assumptions on \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 suppositions\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283  necessary? please include a line of explanation.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 p15, last paragraph of subsection b: \'93\loch\f283 \hich\f283 However, many\'85\'94\loch\f283  Please substantiate such vague claims, there are several throughout the manuscript.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 p25: \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs32\cf1\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 Whereas other treatments of a\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
rguments have focused on desiderata for assessment}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \'94\loch\f283 , I\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 m not entirely sure what\hich\f283 \rquote 
\loch\f283 s meant here, please explain more clearly, and perhaps make less of a blanket statement, as I\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 m sure there are some, e.g. rhetorical or purely descriptive, takes on argumentati\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
on that don\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 t focus on assessment, in whatever way the statement was meant.
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p25, start of g: this seems repetitive. 
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p27, first paragraph of a: how would a \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 supporting\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283  intra-relation be different from a \hich\f283 \lquote \loch\f283 complex\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 
 inter-relation?
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p28: fig 2 and 3, should be 12 and 13
\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 \hich\f283 p29: \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs32\cf1\insrsid4066127 \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
Large ontologies require large resources, expertise, and time to be well-developed, and because these are not readily available}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af283\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f283\fs24\kerning1\insrsid4066127 \loch\af283\dbch\af31505\hich\f283 \'94\loch\f283 
 I think it\hich\f283 \rquote \loch\f283 s a bit of a stretch to claim that expertise is not available, also tim\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
e seems to be available, and actually depending on what sort of resources are needed and how large exactly those should be, the resources might also be there. All in all, I think this statement is going beyond the point that the authors want to make.

\par 
\par \hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 p30:\hich\af283\dbch\af31505\loch\f283 
 the acknowledgement seems to imply that the current manuscript is an updated or extended version of a conference paper/presentation. If that is indeed the case, this should be made explicit at the outset of the current manuscript.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4066127 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000000ad
2ef3490fd601feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}